h1. BaseJumper

There are others, I know, but this is how I like my apps to start out.  You probably won't like it, so move along.

Based on the Authlogic sample app (http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic_example), with-password-resets branch.

Blog post: "http://www.mckinneystation.com/2009/02/22/basejumper-yet-another-starter-application":http://www.mckinneystation.com/2009/02/22/basejumper-yet-another-starter-application
Github source: "http://github.com/gdagley/basejumper":http://github.com/gdagley/basejumper
Check out the build status at: "http://runcoderun.com/gdagley/basejumper":http://runcoderun.com/gdagley/basejumper Builds on Ruby 1.9.1, too!

h2. What is included?

* Authentication (including password reset)
* Welcome page placeholder
* Contact Us form
* Basic styling using "Blueprint CSS":http://www.blueprintcss.org/
* Spec driven development using "rspec":http://www.rspec.info, without fixtures
* ActiveScaffold admin interface
* Application configuration file
* Less CSS for mixing in style
* JQuery and JQuery-UI installed
* FamFamFam icons where needed

Use as you will.  I may update it occasionally.  Offer suggestions.

h2. Gems

h3. Authlogic

The way I think authentication should be done.  

"http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic

h3. Configatron

For application configuration.

"http://github.com/markbates/configatron":http://github.com/markbates/configatron

h3. will_paginate

Because eventually you need pagination

"http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate":http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate

h3. Searchlogic

And then you need advanced searching and sorting.

"http://github.com/binarylogic/searchlogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/searchlogic

h3. log-buddy

For the lazy debugger in all of us.

"http://github.com/relevance/log_buddy":http://github.com/relevance/log_buddy

h3. rspec and rspec-rails

It just makes more sense to me.

"http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec":http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec
"http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec-rails":http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec-rails

h3. less

Nesting CSS rules, mixing in styles, and using variables in CSS is fun.

"http://github.com/cloudhead/less":http://github.com/cloudhead/less
"http://github.com/cloudhead/more":http://github.com/cloudhead/more

h2. Plugins

h3. active_scaffold

Fastest way to build a super simple admin interface.

"http://github.com/activescaffold/active_scaffold":http://github.com/activescaffold/active_scaffold

h3. validatable_form

Easy AR validations for non-AR models (for those Contact Us forms)

"http://github.com/gdagley/validatable_form":http://github.com/gdagley/validatable_form

h3. exception_notification

Because they happen and I want to know about them.

"http://github.com/rails/exception_notification":http://github.com/rails/exception_notification

h3. display_flash_helper

The way I display flash messages

"http://github.com/gdagley/display_flash_helper":http://github.com/gdagley/display_flash_helper

h3. pretty_buttons

HTML buttons shouldn't have to look so bad.

"http://github.com/relevance/pretty_buttons":http://github.com/relevance/pretty_buttons

h3. seo_helper

A few useful helpers for SEO purposes.

"http://github.com/relevance/seo_helper":http://github.com/relevance/seo_helper